Update Custom Commands Page (#356)
gabber235/TypeWriter: documentation/docs/docs/03-creating-stories/07-advanced-interactions/02-custom-commands.mdx

## Do something with your command
Then, if you want your command to perform an action, add a Trigger to the last argument. So, in the `Number Argument`, click on `Trigger` and choose your action entry. In this case, we will use a `Send Message` entry.

> To retrieve what the player has entered in the arguments, we will use a `String Builder Variable` and `Interaction Context String Variable`. Finally, we need to construct a message using the values retrieved from the arguments.

Reviewer: I have created a new ActionButton component a while ago that could have been used here.

Reviewer: Furthermore I think this could have been done using a 1. 2. you get it (:

For the rest of the docs everything is perfect!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want your command to actually do something when you run it you can do the following steps:
1. In the `Number Argument`, add a trigger. For this guide we will use a `Send Message` entry.
2. Inside the `Send Message` entry click on the <ActionButton button="dynamic-variable" /> icon above the `message` field and search for `String Builder Variable`.
3. Now create a part in the string builder and call it `pseudo`.
4. For the value of this part use a `Interaction Context String Variable` and set the entry to the earlier created `Pseudo Word Argument` entry.
5. Do the same for the number argument
6. Lastly construct a message. For this guide we used `Hi <pseudo>, you are <age> years old.`
```

Reviewer: The rest is amazing xaya!
